source/contact/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Where Are You?"
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: false
---
I can be found many places on the internets.  The most universally accessible way to get in touch with me is through [e-mail](mailto:genetik \(at\) gmail \(dot\) com), but the fastest for most people these days is via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/genetik).

###Homes on the Internets###

* **Twitter**: https://twitter.com/genetik
* **Google+**: https://profiles.google.com/genetik
* **LinkedIn**: https://www.linkedin.com/in/genetik
* **Facebook**: https://www.facebook.com/brian.creasy
* **Reddit**: http://www.reddit.com/user/genetik
* **YouTube**: https://www.youtube.com/genetik123
* **Instagram**: http://instagram.com/instagenetik
* **GitHub**: https://github.com/bcreasy
* **tumblr**: http://genetik.tumblr.com
* **flickr**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/66978651@N00
* **Steam**: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009384713
* **Vimeo**: https://vimeo.com/genetik
* **Strava**: http://app.strava.com/athletes/349321

###IRC###

I've been connected to IRC almost constantly since the late 90s.  I can be found as **genetik** on [EFnet](irc://irc.efnet.org), [freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net), [QuakeNet](irc://irc.quakenet.org), [d00mnet](irc://irc.d00mnet.com) and [GameSurge](irc://irc.gamesurge.net).

###PGP###

If you find it necessary to encrypt something to send me, my PGP public key can be found [here]({{ root_url }}/genetik-gpg.key).

Commit message:

renamed public key and added fingerprint

source/contact/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Where Are You?"
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: false
---
I can be found many places on the internets.  The most universally accessible way to get in touch with me is through [e-mail](mailto:genetik \(at\) gmail \(dot\) com), but the fastest for most people these days is via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/genetik).

###Homes on the Internets###

* **Twitter**: https://twitter.com/genetik
* **Google+**: https://profiles.google.com/genetik
* **LinkedIn**: https://www.linkedin.com/in/genetik
* **Facebook**: https://www.facebook.com/brian.creasy
* **Reddit**: http://www.reddit.com/user/genetik
* **YouTube**: https://www.youtube.com/genetik123
* **Instagram**: http://instagram.com/instagenetik
* **GitHub**: https://github.com/bcreasy
* **tumblr**: http://genetik.tumblr.com
* **flickr**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/66978651@N00
* **Steam**: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009384713
* **Vimeo**: https://vimeo.com/genetik
* **Strava**: http://app.strava.com/athletes/349321

###IRC###

I've been connected to IRC almost constantly since the late 90s.  I can be found as **genetik** on [EFnet](irc://irc.efnet.org), [freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net), [QuakeNet](irc://irc.quakenet.org), [d00mnet](irc://irc.d00mnet.com) and [GameSurge](irc://irc.gamesurge.net).

###PGP###

If you find it necessary to encrypt something to send me, my PGP key ID is <code>0xBCA64D46</code>

PGP Public Key: [genetik-gpg.asc]({{ root_url }}/genetik-gpg.asc)

PGP Fingerprint: <code>7D24 82AF F764 5EF7 5DE1  E401 58C2 968C BCA6 4D46</code>
