---
layout: post
title: "'Dimebag' Darrell Abbott"
date: 2004-12-09 20:06
comments: true
categories: [Music, Life, Lebwog]
---
Thoughts about the death of Dimebag Darrell.

<!-- more -->

During high school, my group of close friends (all of which I still hang out with today) tended to listen to some pretty loud music.  By being friends with them right from the start of my freshman year of high school, I learned of many styles of music that I had never even thought of listening to before.  Some of the bands they introduced me to included Tool, KMFDM, White Zombie, Korn, and last but certainly not least Pantera.

Last night the guitarist from Pantera, "Dimebag" Darrell, was shot and killed on stage at an Ohio venue.  His new band [Damageplan](http://www.damageplan.com/ "Official Damageplan Site) had just started their set when a man got on stage, pursued Darrell, and fired a few gunshots at him at close range.  The man apparently then started to fire at the other members of the band, shot a crew member or two and maybe another band member (Vinnie?) but was thankfully shot down by an armed security guard from backstage.  Sadly, he managed to murder four people total.

I hold Pantera especially near to me because the first concert I ever went to was theirs back in '96.  Though I never went to another of their shows, I wish I would have before they broke up.  I've always thought Dimebag to be one of the greats when it comes to guitar playing and was always able to pick it out [pun intended] when he would appear on other bands recordings.  One such song was on Anthrax's *Stomp 442* album in the song "Riding Shotgun".  I heard it before knowing that he was on it and thought to myself, "wow.  that sounds a whole lot like dimebag's playing".

I didn't even know Dimebag and Vinnie had started up another band until this morning when I heard the news of the killings.

Rest in peace, Dimebag.  May you rock in the heavens as much as you rocked on earth.

> reverend.. reverend..<br>
> is this some conspiracy?<br>
> crucified for no sins<br>
> an image beneath me<br>
> what's within our plans for life<br>
> it all seems so unreal<br>
> i'm a man cut in half in this world<br>
> left in my misery...<br>
> 
> the reverend he turned to me<br>
> without a tear in his eyes<br>
> it's nothing new for him to see<br>
> i didn't ask him why<br>
> i will remember<br>
> the love our souls had sworn to make<br>
> now I watch the falling rain<br>
> all my mind can see<br>
> now is your face<br>
> 
> well I guess you took my youth<br>
> and gave it all away<br>
> like the birth of a new-found joy,<br>
> this love would end in rage<br>
> and when she died<br>
> i couldn't cry<br>
> the pride within my soul<br>
> you left me.. incomplete<br>
> all alone as the memories now unfold.<br>
> 
> believe the word<br>
> i will unlock my door<br>
> and pass the cemetery gates<br>
> 
> sometimes when i'm alone<br>
> i wonder aloud<br>
> if you're watching over me<br>
> from some place far abound<br>
> i must reverse my life<br>
> i can't live in the past<br>
> then set my soul free<br>
> belong to me at last<br>
> 
> through all those complex years<br>
> i thought i was alone<br>
> i didn't care to look around<br>
> and make this world my own<br>
> and when she died<br>
> i should've cried and spared myself some pain<br>
> it left me.. incomplete<br>
> all alone as the memories still remain<br>
> 
> the way we were<br>
> the chance to save my soul<br>
> and my concern is now in vain<br>
> believe the word<br>
> i will unlock my door<br>
> and pass the cemetery gates<br>

-- "Cemetary Gates", Pantera
