---
layout: post
title: "NYC - Day 2 :: Saturday"
date: 2005-05-29 01:14
comments: true
categories: 
---
Upon waking up today, we planned on going to see the site of the World Trade Center.

<!--more-->

After standing there looking at a hole in the ground for a few minutes, we got bored and started to head north to Canal Street to walk around Chinatown.  I love it there.  There's always so many neat little trinkets being sold on the street.  At one store, they had little solid marble stained glass eggs, which were very pretty, for $1 each.  I picked up a blue one and in the next store, I saw some little [Maneki Neko](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucky_cat "Maneki Neko wikipedia entry") statues for $4.95 for two.  I've been meaning to get one of these for years but never found one.  At this point, we were pretty hungry so we hit up a random Chinese restaurant on Mott Street called the Singapore Cafe.  It was really good with large portions and was quite inexpensive.  We were the only non-asian customers eating there and Darryl and Chris were trying to learn how to use chopsticks.  It was amusing.

After Chinatown, we continued up north towards Soho.  We didn't really stop anywhere except for a large costume store that was a large city block deep.  Our legs were pretty tired, so we walked to the nearest subway station and caught an uptown train to Times Square and went to Toys R Us for a while.  Then we went to Rockefeller Center to find the Nintendo store.  It was pretty much a big let down.  If you are considering going there, don't bother.  We went to the Virgin Megastore and made up for the Nintendo let down and then took the subway back downtown to the hotel for a little bit.

After some resting, we headed to the lower east side to Club Seho.  A good friend of mine, Arthur, and [his band](http://www.datura.info "Datura") were playing there and I told him that we'd try to make it to it.  It was a good thing that we did, too.  We were literally the only ones there.  They had gotten booked on a Latino hiphop night while they played some pretty heavy music, so there wasn't much interest for the people upstairs to come downstairs to see them play.  They put on a really good show, regardless of us being the only audience.  It was really cool seeing Arthur, too.  I've known him for about eight years or so now, but it was the first time I met him.

On the way home, we hit up a Ray's Pizza, ate and caught a taxi to the hotel.  We plan to go to the Statue of Liberty and FAO Schwartz tomorrow.  Good night.
