---
layout: post
title: "Vegan, or Whatever You'd Prefer To Call It"
date: 2013-09-05 11:10
comments: true
published: false
categories:
- Vegan
- Life
- Lifestyle
- Diet
- Ethics
- Animals
---
As most people who know me can attest to, I'm pretty low key about most things. This is not something I feel like being low key about:

->**I can no longer, in good conscience, continue to consume food<br> or buy products derived from animals.**<-

For me, it is strictly for ethical reasons with the potential for other positive side effects.

I've been struggling internally with this for a while now, but a tremendous amount of guilt has been lifted from me since I started progressively moving toward this lifestyle.

The change is not a difficult one for me to make from a nutrition standpoint. In fact, it's a very easy one. I already eat a simple and healthy diet that is mostly vegetarian and I do not particularly enjoy eating food in general. I view eating from a largly nutritional perspective before a taste one. So as long as whatever I am eating has the nutrients I need to intake, the source does not matter. Since the source does not matter, I, as someone who feels compassion toward animals, have no logical reason to selfishly choose to take advantage of an animal over other readily available sources.

It is not about being perfect in this goal, but about simply having a heightened awareness of everything I consume and striving to not support the use of animals to my advantage or convenience.

These are a few of the things currently in my life which are problematic and run contrary to my goals:

* wallet (leather)
* burt's bees chap stick (bees wax)
* glucosamine supplement for my knees (shellfish)
* smartwool socks (sheep wool)

The damage is unfortunately already done with these items, but, while I do feel bad about it, it would be wasteful to throw these things away. I'd throw the bottle of glucosamine supplements away, but it's a big jar from costco that still has a lot left in it and consuming it is not damaging my body physically. When the time comes to replace these and other things, I will happily choose replacements which do not exploit animals.

I'd love it if everyone else joined me in this lifestyle and I do feel I have a moral obligation to at least try to convince people to understand it and make steps toward it, but I'll try to not be annoying about it.

Finally, I'd like to take the time to thank my good friend [Michael Ahlers](http://journal.michaelahlers.org) for inspiring me to strive for this lifestyle.
